## Structure of The Code
The code is structure in an attempt to simplify the implementation, improve development speed, and follow best practices 
using the libraries and tools available. 
* **alembic**: contains all migration scripts generated by Alembic.
* **databases**: contains all databases methods.
* **dependencies**: contains all sqlalchemy configurations.
* **models**: for ORM sqlalchemy models. 
* **routers**: for fastapi endpoints/routers.
and inside it, we have **main.py** which holds the entry point to our code.
* **schemas**: schema for endpoints data requests and responses.
* **structure**: for CRUD operation.
* **poetry.lock**: poetry lock file.
* **pyproject.toml**: poetry configuration file.
* **alembic.ini**: configuration file for alembic.  
* **readme.me**: this file.
* **couriers.db**: the sqlite database for local development. It is created automatically after you run the first migration.

**_What I'm using ?_**
I'm using **FastAPI** for http REST layer, 
**SqlAlchemy** for database operation, **Pydantic** for schemas and validation, **Alembic** for database migration.

# Setting up Development Environment
three simple steps:

* install poetry, e.g ```pip install poetry```
* clone the repo
* poetry the development requirements ```poetry install```

## How do I run the server?

```shell
poetry run alembic upgrade  head  # to create the tables schemas
poetry run uvicorn routers.main:app --reload  # to run the server
```
Then, the server will be listening on port _8000,_ and you can visit it by going to http://127.0.0.1:8000.

To access the Swagger UI and play with the api live, navigate to: http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs. To access the
Alternative API documentation, navigate to: http://127.0.0.1:8000/redoc